and one morning on Monday night I issued
a challenge to the parents of America I
asked parents to pretend they ate all
their kids Halloween candy and videotape
that and post it to YouTube
under the heading hey Jimmy Kimmel I
told my kids I ate all their Halloween
candy and a lot of people did and I
guess I didn't expect so much crying I
kind of thought the kids would be mad
just mad almost every one of them cries
but we got what we got and to those
children whose tears are about to be
immortalized on television I apologize
in advance I'm gonna tell you what
happened to your candy Blake I ate it
all my ears too Allen me and mommy ate
it last night when you were asleep I ate
all your Halloween candy last night what
candy
I think I've made all your candy I
tricked you
dad didn't eat all your candy I tricked
you I'm very very sorry Rachel ate all
your Halloween candy how much was it I'm
so sorry it's just I'm pregnant and I
get really hungry
I'm gonna eat all of it ate them last
night it took them to work with me
last night we stayed up and read all
your candy there you guys okay with that
daddy calm down Danny
hey your candy
you have no no more Halloween candy left
don't you guys think you ate enough
candy last night oh I only have like one
buy the candy is serious Oh with you
gonna have probably get a bellyache why
do you need so much candy
that's two to one to me you were so
close
do you see how much I had I was into a
lot of houses no I ate it all it tasted
so good especially the peanut butter
cups
they saw this PG mom
kids are very unstable